---
title: Team Members
layout: post
post-image: "https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/402655385598820360/1091866969113890876/TeamMembers.png"
description: A description of the team members, and what they have learned through the process
tags:
- Team
- Crew
- Creators
---

**This post will talk about the team members of our Nile Book Store who managed to make this project come to light!**

---

# The Nile Team

#### Zenon Kristalovich

Kristalovich was a member of the Nile team who joined shortly after production. Started by working on the logic behind the payment options and the search engine for the bookstore. On the side he was responsible for the general organization of the group. When asked what skills he learned throughout development, he stated `I learned alot about team Organization and how important communication really is.`

#### Luxian Lin

Throughout the project, Lin was involved in Android application development related to Java programming, use of Android Studio, and software architecture. Some of the skills Lin learned specifically include:
* Creating and modifying layouts using XML
* Implementing and customizing adapters to populate the recycler view
* Using Intents to pass data between activities
* Using Espresso to complete system tests
When asked on what he learned, Lin stated `In general, I learned skills in Android application development and was involved in building the login interface, item browser and shopping cart interface.`

#### Hei Cheng Wong

When asked what he learned, Cheng Wong stated `I have learnt a lot in this project, from front end to back end development. It clears my computational concept from all the theory that I have learnt from books and resources. I enjoy being a member in this group since I improve my communication skills in this term, cooperate with teammates effectively.`

#### Kyle Ednalino

Kyle is a member who mainly worked on the database throughout the project. He was also involved in the general repository housekeeping and code quality control. When asked about the skills he learned about the project he stated `I learned how to work on a full stack application structure, analyzing different codestyles, and working with a database application such as HSQLDB.`





