---
title: Payment
layout: post
post-image: "https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/402655385598820360/1092527630928064532/Payment.png"
description: A description of the delivery and payment options of the Nile app, with a tutorial video.
tags:
- Delivery
- Payment
- Tutorial
---

**This post will talk about the team members of our Nile Book Store who managed to make this project come to light!**

---

## Delivery Options

#### Options

At the top of the delivery options page you can see 4 options for deliver. Pickup is when you intend on going to the store and getting the book yourself. 
Delivery is when you want it to be delivered to your location. The use account email will automatically fill the Email slot for you with your accounts email.
Use custom email will leave it blank so you can enter in another email to use for this purchase.

#### Reciever Email

Enter in the email you want to be associated with this purchase. The "use account email" slection will autofill this for you.

#### Address Line

Enter in the address you want the items to be delivered too

#### City

Enter in the City your address line is located

#### Postal Code

Enter in the postal code of your address

#### Select Province

Select the province your delivering too and it will provide ou with an estimated delivery time for your items.

## Payment Details

#### Card Number

Enter in the card number you will be using for this purchase

#### Card Expiry Date

Enter in the card expiry date

#### Card CVC

Enter in the cards CVC

#### Pay Now

Upon hitting pay now, if your inputed data is valid, you will recieve a confirmation page of your purchase and can return to home.


**Tutorial Video**<br>
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/kVy-94r0lUA" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>